hi guys I'm Laura Vitale and on this
episode of Laura in the kitchen I want
to share with you my avocado hummus
which is so easy and simple but perfect
for the summertime and it's just a
really great dip to have whether you've
got people coming around or it's a
really great thing to have if you're
anything like my husband and I and we
love the kind of dinners well you can
pick a thing so I'll make like a
bruschetta let me go a little bit of
hummus and just pick here and there and
this is incredibly easy and simple and
great to use up those avocados that are
just too ripened to slice and use so
that you know really pretty in salads
this is perfect the ingredients you'll
need are few and very simple and that
you're going to start off with a can of
chickpeas which I have drained and
rinsed well an avocado lots of parsley
garlic pinch of hot pepper flakes this
isn't a teeny paste this is just on
sesame seed paste and I've made myself
which is gorgeous olive oil salt pepper
some lemon juice
that's it couldn't be any agent at this
by no means it's like a an authentic
hummus recipe but it is authentically
delicious I can promise you that I'm
gonna add pretty much everything in my
food processor my avocado my my parsley
my guard like that this is tahini which
is really just sesame seed paste and I
really enjoy making my own once in a
while because I can toast up the sesame
seeds and really bring out their
gorgeous flavor and I also like to leave
some of it I like to leave it a little
bit on the chunky side that way those
sesame seeds sort of really come through
you can still see the sesame seeds all
over the spooning the little brown bits
or the sesame seeds that are toasted you
really get that really beautiful flavor
and then I'm going to just add the juice
of one lemon you might want to do half a
lemon but I really like quite a bit of
Tang here especially with the avocado I
feel like it really needs it so I'm just
giving it a good squeeze
good greening of salt of pepper
a good pinch of salt now don't be shy
with the salt because the avocado really
needs it because avocados are rich and
texture quite bland and flavor so the
salt really brings out beautiful flavors
of an avocado for the top bone I'm just
going to pulse this now that it's nice
and chunky I'm going to start to drizzle
in my olive oil and blend until it's
nice and smooth
just gonna taste this for seasoning huh
mmm
that's perfect that is perfection it's
so creamy and absolutely lovely and I
can really smell the garlic but because
of the avocado it's not as strong as you
think it might be you can also of course
just use one close of two is a bit much
for you but look at that beautiful color
I love that there's still specks of
green from the parsley and it's just a
beautiful color from the avocado I love
this and then of course you need to
serve this with some good time
dipping things or whatever you want to
call them pita bread pita chips is
always great
I really prefer like nice coarse
vegetables but what I'm gonna do really
quickly is just sort of smooth the top
and then I love this look at the color
of that it's that not gorgeous drizzle
on just a touch more olive oil and then
a pinch of hot pepper flakes because
it's so lovely to get a little hint of
heat with that cool creamy guacamole
guacamole hummus well really is like a
hybrid between a book Molina hummus and
then the vegetables I love or some
beautiful radishes look at these pink
ones these red ones a little baby white
one I've got some carrots I've got
lovely baby grape tomatoes strips of red
bell pepper flakes and some snap peas
look at the color of this mmm how
beautiful
so go so when I got the slight 100 feet
from the hot pepper flakes but so creamy
garlic comes through dee-lightful
laurainthekitchen.com will have the
recipe waiting for you I hope you enjoy
spending time with me and if you do
recreate this recipe don't forget to
share with me on social media I'm going
back for a second cause no one else is
here if you just pay time with me and I
see you next time bye bye
you